and so guys all hello work process
we just decided to show you how not
need to do in this case 209 body
was once 320 put into it
mg compressor
Moreover, they put the compressor
tried it and set up the most that
scary and that's what it means came out by
fact did not naturally do it and you
you understand because we would never
didn't show started this here inlet
look at this inlet absolutely
custom see
out of some kind of penis of this
material here means flow meter from
some
from dvenashki hike so good not bad
so we go further we go further filter
filter
Russian Federation Filter here so here
it takes all that is in the standard
take the car from two sides here
takes in on one side and
accordingly, that's the diameter of all
the whole system is out
count on more power on
so in the start is impossible to those who are not in
course we go further gentlemen where is our
let the throttle look see what
wonderful seal throttle all
in the best traditions of AvtoVAZ although here
it seems like they shouldn't smell like AvtoVAZ
Here is this fitting me very pleased here
this one can see how everything is made
qualitatively
it's a choke ode stub town
temperature straight all alas all in oil
naturally and what he looks like he goes on
8 streams in general, but firstly what is it
the quality where did it come from
This is the first transformer campaign and here
accordingly, the belt is not yours either
The belt should be suitable for 8
brooks suspended belt on 6 in general
the whole system is so made snake clemen
yes but it's ok it's half the trouble
means as characterized by good or
bad master you know and I'll tell you
how is it when you are in the car
then find some things like u
Surgeons know stitched scissors random
here, too, look what we find
Screwdriver see what seems to be bitten
in some processes involved clearly not
useful for the engine was lying around somewhere
there was something inside of her somewhere
screwdriver guys screwdriver
this standard story yes all sorts of things
and it's not in the whale's pallet somewhere there
In precisely in engine this horror damn
poor car even look candles
this is how you can do so they do
not only is it clear in what condition
such not
firstly all different different types of different
marks
in short, it's just tin
It seems to me that you can not just
mock such machines is great
car why are you doing it at all just
brought the car in terrible condition
now you have to fix it somehow
so that you at least like that more or less
looked like
please do not hold the tuning of the
more cars like mercedes for example
if you don’t understand what it is
may you ask why this
we have a car
we will not rule through people
who made
they tried to do naturally not
Were able to adjust because all this
setting your forehead somewhere somewhere somewhere
sticking something naturally nothing
will not go so we will not do anything
correct the owners so we just
set up we will make we set up
she probably will go
this is a lyrical digression completely
wait for the new vacuum cleaner series soon
there will be new series as well
spring is coming soon
here is a plus other projects and interesting
also follow everything thank you very much for
This mini reviewer of one of ours
client cars yet